# Expense-App
A small Web app to track user expenses

This project is an ASP.NET web forms site that tracks expenses of the user.

It is a multiuser environment

Both Unit test and Integration (Selenium) tests are provided. 
There are tow types of users: Admin and Regular User

A regular user:
Can log in and log out
Can generate reports of their spending over time (described in more detail in a later requirement)
Can create, read, update, and delete (CRUD) expenses they own
Can not CRUD expenses they do not own

An admin:
Must also satisfy requirements (a) through (c) of regular user
Can read all the saved expenses, including those which they do not own
Can not create, update, or delete expenses they do not own

An expense:
Is owned by exactly one user
Contains at least the following fields:
    Datetime, the date and time the transaction was made
    Amount, the amount of money (in USD, precision of 0.01) associated with the expense
    Description, a string describing the details of th transaction
Can only be created by a logged in user
Can only be read by either the user who owns it or an admin
Can only be updated and deleted by the user who owns it

A report:
Shows the total amount spent per week by the logged in user
Can be filtered to only show expenses occuring within a user-provided datetime range
Can only be generated by users who are logged in
Must not contain expenses not owned by the user (even if the user is an admin)

The backend database is deployed in Amazon RDS. 

Users can change the report to aggregate spending per hour, day,month, and year (in addition to per week)

Inside the database the passwords are stored using SHA-2 algorithm by using a separate salt for each and every user of the application.


HOW TO BUILD AND RUN THE PROJECT: 

=>Download this GitHub repository into a separate directory. 
=> Open visual studio => File=> Open=> Website=> (Select ExpenseApp Folder from the downloaded directory) => click open
=> After your project is opened, go to the solution explorer and right click Default.aspx => View in Browser


Testing: 
UnitTesting and Selenium Testing are available with the project. To run selenium testing make sure of the following. 
1) Under the TestingExpensesApp Folder => SeleniumTesting.cs make sure to change the URL to your local host URL. 
2) Make sure to install Selenium Webdriver, Selenium Support, Chrome webdriver for the TestingExpensesApp folder using NUGET packages

Database is available under Amazon RDS and it connected to this application via code. You can check it in the web.config (Connection String) file under ExpensesApp folder. Some of the pre existing values of user are: 

UserName: alice123 (Regular user)
password: alice123

UserName: Admin (Admin user)
password: 123

UserName: markz (Regular user)
password: markz

UserName: don (Admin user)
password: don





